---
title: 5.10.0
description: Handle the rendering changes in the 5.10.0 release of the KendoReact components.
components: ["general"]
page_title: Rendering Changes in the 5.10.0 Release
slug: changes-in-5-10-0
position: 90
---

# Rendering Changes in 5.10.0

The KendoReact 5.10.0 release introduces changes in the rendering of a number of components. 

## AutoComplete

* Added `k-autocomplete-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## Buttons

* Removed the `shape` prop.
* Removed the `k-shape-*` and `k-fab-{shape}` classes.

## Calendar

* The Today `<span>` element is now rendered with a flat `Button` component.
* The `k-calendar-nav-today` element inside the Calendar navigation is now rendered with a `<button>` element.

## ChunkProgressBar

* Added the `k-progressbar-chunks` class to the `k-reset` element.
* Replaced the `k-item` class with the `k-progress-chunk` class.
* Removed the `k-widget` class.

## ComboBox

* Added `k-combobox-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## DataTools

* Added `k-table-row` class to the column draggable `<tr>` element.
* Added `k-table-row` class to the `k-filter-row` element.
* Added `k-table-th` class to the `k-header` element.
* Added `k-table-thead` class to the `k-grid-header` element.
* Added `k-table-row` class to the header row element.
* Removed the `k-label` class from the `k-pager-info` and the `k-pager-sizes` elements.

## DatePicker

* Added `k-datepicker-popup` class to its popup element. 

## DateRangePicker

* Added `k-daterangepicker-popup` class to its popup element. 

## Dialog

* Added the new `themeColor` property that supports primary, dark, and light theme colors.  
* Added the `k-window-{themeColor}` classes to the Dialog component.
* Added the `k-window-titlebar-action` and `k-dialog-titlebar-action` classes to the action buttons.
* Replaced the `k-dialog-buttongroup` class with `k-dialog-actions`.
* Replaced the `k-dialog-actions` and `k-dialog-actions` classes in the `titlebar` element with the `k-window-titlebar-actions`  and `k-dialog-titlebar-actions` classes.

## DropDownList

* Added `k-dropdownlist-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## DropDownTree

* Added `k-dropdowntree-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## Editor

* Added the `k-editor-toolbar` class to the Editor toolbar.
* Added the `k-editor-window` class to all the Editor popups.
* Added `k-form-label` class to the Editor popup labels.
* Replaced the `Dialog` components in all popups with `Window` components.
* Replaced the `k-edit-field` class of the form element with `k-form-field-wrap`.
* Toolbar components with popups now have the respective KendoReact components instead of their HTML element counterparts. For example, `<input>` is replaced with the [Input](slug:overview_textbox) component.
* The Form component is moved inside the popup.
* Removed label wrappers with `k-edit-label` class.
* Removed the `k-editor-link-text-row` class.
* Removed the `k-widget` class.
* Removed the wrapper with `k-edit-form-container` class in the InsertLink popup element.
* Removed the `k-textarea` class from the `k-editor-textarea` elements.

## Form

* Added the new `size` property that allows you to configure the size of the Form and supports `small`, `medium`, `large` and not set size (`null`). 

## Grid

In 5.10.0 release we added table-specific classes to the following elements

| Prior to 5.10.0 | 5.10.0 and Later |
|---|---|
| `<table>` | `<thead className="k-table">`|
| `<thead>` | `<thead className="k-table-thead">`|
| `<th>` | `<th className="k-table-th">`|
| `<tbody>` | `<tbody className="k-table-tbody">`|
| `<tfoot>` | `<tbody className="k-table-tfoot">`|
| `<tr>` | `<tr className="k-table-row">`|
| `<td>` | `<tr className="k-table-td">`|

The 5.10.0 release also introduced the following changes: 

* Added the new `size` property that allows you to configure the size of the Pager and supports `small`, `medium`, `large` and not set size (`null`). 
* Added `k-grid-{size}` class to the main wrapping element of the component. Necessary to introduce the [Size options of the Grid](slug:sizing_grid). The child elements inherit the `k-grid-{size}` class.
* Added `k-toolbar-{size}` class to the wrapping element of the toolbar.
* Added a new `<div className="k-grouping-drop-container">` wrapper of the groups.
* Added `k-grid-pager` class to the nested `Pager` component.
* Added `k-table-alt-row` class to the `k-alt` element.
* Removed the `k-widget` class of the `k-grid` element.
* Removed the `k-grouping-header-flex` class from the `k-grouping-header` element.
* Removed the `k-indicator-container` wrapper in favor of the newly added `<div className="k-chip-list">` element with a size-depending `k-chip-list-{Size}` class. 
* Changed the `role` of the `<td className="k-group-cell">` element from `presentation` to `gridcell`.

## ListBox

* Replaced the `k-listbox-toolbar` class with the `k-listbox-actions` class.
* Replaced the `k-listbox-toolbar-left`, `k-listbox-toolbar-right`, `k-listbox-toolbar-top`, and `k-listbox-toolbar-bottom` classes with the `k-listbox-actions-left`, `k-listbox-actions-right`, `k-listbox-actions-top`, and `k-listbox-actions-bottom` classes.
* The ListBox actions are now wrapped in a single container.
* Removed the `<ul>` wrapper of the action buttons and its child `<li>` elements.

## ListView

* Removed the `k-widget` class.

## MultiSelect

* Added a separate chip list wrapper with class `k-input-values`. 
* Added `k-multiselect-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## MultiSelectTree

* Added `k-multiselecttree-popup` class to the `k-list-container` element. 

## Notification

* Removed the `k-widget` class.
* Added `k-notification-status` class the `IconWrap` component.
* Removed the `<div class="k-notification-wrap">` element.
* Added the `k-notification-actions` and `k-notification-action classes` classes where the closable icon is wrapped in a `<span class="k-notification-actions">` container.
 
## Pager

* Added the new `size` property that allows you to configure the size of the Pager and supports `small`, `medium`, `large` and not set size (`null`). 
* Added `k-pager-{Size}` class set based on the chosen `size` value.
* Added a new `<select className="k-picker k-dropdown-list k-dropdown k-rounded-md">` element with a `k-picker-{Size}` class set based on the chosen `size` value.
* Added `k-picker k-dropdown-list k-rounded-md` classes to the `k-dropdown` element along with a `k-picker-{Size}` class set based on the chosen `size` value.
* Removed the `k-widget` class from the `k-pager` wrapper.
* Replaced the `<a>` elements used for the rendering of the buttons with flat `Button` components.
* Removed the `k-link` class.
* Replaced the `<ul className="k-pager-numbers">` element with `<div className="k-pager-numbers">`.
* Removed the `<li>` button wrapping elements.

## ProgressBar

* Added the `k-progressbar-value` class to the `<div>` element that contains the `k-selected` class.
* Removed the `k-widget` class.
* The progress width and height are now updated based on `--kendo-progressbar-value`.

## Scheduler

* Added the new `size` property that allows you to configure the size of the Scheduler's header and footer components and supports `small`, `medium`, `large` and not set size (`null`). 

## TextBox

* Added `k-textbox` class to the `k-input` wrapper.

## TimePicker

* Added `k-timepicker-popup` class to its popup element. 

## Toolbar

* Added the new `size` property that allows you to configure the size of the Toolbar and supports `small`, `medium`, `large` and not set size (`null`). 
* Replaced the toolbar item `<span>` wrapper with a wrapping `<div className="k-toolbar-item">` element.

## TreeList

* Added `k-table-{size}` and `k-grid-table` classes to the main wrapping element of the component. Necessary to introduce the [Size options of the Grid](slug:sizing_grid).
* Added all `k-table-{element}` classes applicable to the [Grid](#grid) as well.

## Upload

The 5.10.0 release introduced changes in the names of the following classes:  

| Prior to 5.10.0 | 5.10.0 and Later |
|---|---|
| `k-button-icon` | `k-button-icon`|
| `k-multiple-files-group-wrapper` | `k-file-icon-wrapper` |
| `k-file-group`  | `k-file-icon` |
| `k-file-name-size-wrapper` | `k-file-info` |
| `k-file-information` | `k-file-summary` |

The 5.10.0 release also introduced the following changes: 

* Added `k-upload-button-wrap` class.
* Added `k-upload-button` class to the upload button component.
* Added the `k-upload-dropzone` class to the `k-dropzone` element.
* Added `k-file-error` class to the `k-file-invalid` element.
* Replaced the `<input>` button with KendoReact `Button` component.
* Removed the `k-widget` class from the `k-upload` element.
* Removed the `k-button` and `k-flat` classes from the upload button.
* Removed both `k-text-success` and `k-text-error` classes from `k-validation-message`. 
* Removed the `k-upload-status-total` class of the upload status element.
* The Upload component now uses [Button](slug:overview_button) and [ProgressBar](slug:overview_progressbar) components for its upload UI.
* Upload action buttons are now wrapped in a `<span>` element with `k-upload-actions` class instead of the used `<strong>` wrapper with `k-upload-status` class.

## Window

* Added the new `themeColor` property that supports primary, dark, and light theme colors. 
* Added the `k-window-*` classes to the Window component.
* Added `k-resize-handles-wrapper` class to the Draggable wrapper.
* Replaced the `k-window-action` class in the `titlebar` buttons with `k-window-titlebar-action`.
* Replaced the `k-window-actions` class in the `titlebar` element for the `k-window-titlebar-actions` class.
* Replaced the `k-window-buttongroup` class with the `.k-window-actions` class.
* Replaced the built-in `close` icon of the Window with `x`.
* Removed the `k-widget` class.
* Removed the `k-dialog-titlebar` class from the `titlebar` element.
