---
title: 5.17.0
description: Handle the rendering changes in the 5.17.0 release of the KendoReact components.
components: ["general"]
page_title: Rendering Changes in the 5.17.0 Release
slug: changes-in-5-17-0
position: 80
---

# Rendering Changes in 5.17.0

The KendoReact 5.17.0 release introduces changes in the rendering of several components. 

## Conversational UI
  * Added `k-card-list` class to the `list` attachments.
  * `MessageGroup` now uses the `Avatar` component.
  * Switched `k-message-box` element from `<div>` to `<span>`.
  * Wrapped the `k-chat-send` element with `k-input-suffix`.
  * Renamed the `k-bubble` class to `k-chat-bubble`.
  * Renamed the `k-button-send` class to `k-chat-send`.
  * Renamed the `k-icon-button k-button-send` class to `k-chat-send`.
  * Replaced inline SVG icons with Kendo icons.
  * Replaced the classNames of the input in the message box with `k-input-inner`.
  * Removed the `k-widget` class.
  * Removed `k-card-wrap` class.

## Data Tools
  * Changed the `k-pager-info` element from `<div>` to `<span>`.
  * Replaced `k-textbox` with `NumericTextBox` component
  * Wrapped the `pageMessage` label in a `<span>` element.
  * Wrapped the `ofMessage` label in a `<span>` element.
  * Wrapped the `itemPerPageMessage` label in a `<span>` element.
  * Removed `k-label` class from `k-pager-input`.

## Dialogs
  * Changed `k-window-title` and `k-dialog-title` elements from `<div>` to `<span>`.

## Filter
  * Added labels to `AddExpresion` and `AddGroup` buttons.
  * Added `k-toolbar-button` and `k-toolbar-button-group` classes to the nested `Button` and `ButtonGroup` components.
  * Added labels to `AddExpresion` and `AddGroup` buttons.
  * Removed the `ToolbarItem` wrapper of the `Button` and `ButtonGroup` elements.
  
## Inputs
  * Added `labelClassName` prop to the `Checkbox` label element.
  * Added `labelClassName` prop to the `Input` floating label element.

## Labels
  * Added `labelClassName` prop to the `FloatingLabel` component.

## Popover
  * Added `k-popup` class to the `k-popover` element.
  * Added `orientation` and `alignment` props to the PopoverActionsBar component.
  * Moved `k-child-animation-container` as a stand-alone wrapper.
  * Removed `k-animation-container-relative` class.

## Skeleton
  * Renamed the `k-skeleton-rectangle` class to `k-skeleton-rect`.

## ScrollView
  *  Changed the `k-scrollview-prev` and `k-scrollview-next` elements from `<a>` to `<span>`.
  * Changed the  `k-scrollview-nav` element from `<ul>` to `<div>`.
  * Changed the `k-link` element from `<li>` to `<span>`.

## TileLayout
   * `k-layout-item-hint` element is now a sibling to the `k-tilelayout-item` one.

