---
title: 7.1.0
description: Handle the rendering changes in the 7.1.0 release of the KendoReact components.
components: ["general"]
page_title: Rendering Changes in the 7.1.0 Release
slug: changes-in-7-1-0
position: 60
---

# Rendering Changes in 7.1.0

The KendoReact 7.1.0 release introduces changes in the rendering of several components. 

## Common
 * Replaced `k-card-image` class with `k-card-media` class for all media types (including images).
 * Added `k-actions` class for all action types.

## Card
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-vertical` with `k-actions-vertical`.
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-horizontal` with `k-actions-horizontal`.
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-start` with`k-actions-start`.
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-center` with `k-actions-center`.
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-end` with `k-actions-end`.
  * Replaced `k-card-actions-stretched` with `k-actions-stretched`.

## ColumnMenu
   * Added `k-column-menu-popup` class to the `k-popup` element.
   * Added `k-column-menu` class to the `k-popup` element.
   * Removed the `k-group k-reset` classes from the `k-filter-menu` element.
   * Removed the `k-state-border-up` class from the `k-filter-menu` element.
   * Moved the `k-column-menu-popup` class to the `k-popup` element.

## Grid
   * Removed the `k-group k-reset` class from the `k-filter-menu` element.
   * Removed the `k-state-border-up` class from the `k-filter-menu` element.
   * Remove the `k-first` and `k-last` classes from the first / last TabStrip items of the tabbed menu.
   * Replaced the `k-grid-columnmenu-popup` class with `k-columnmenu-popup`.
   * Moved the `k-popup` class to the `k-grid-columnmenu-popup` element.
   * Replaced the `k-more-vertical` icon of the filter menu with `k-i-filter` icon.
   * Added a `<span>` wrapper with `k-checkbox-wrap` class to the `k-checkbox` class.
   * Added `k-column-menu` class to the `k-columnmenu-popup` element.
   * Added `k-tabstrip-item` class to the TabStrip items of the tabbed menu.
   * Added `k-table-group-row` class to the `k-grouping-row` element.

## Notification
  * Removed the  `k-notification-container` from the Notification component.

## Timeline
 * Removed the `k-timeline-collapsible` class.
 * Replaced the `<a>` element with `k-timeline-circle` class with a `<span>` element.
 * Replaced the `<a>` element with `k-button k-button-md k-rounded-md k-button-solid k-button-solid-base k-icon-button k-timeline-arrow k-timeline-arrow-left k-disabled` classes of the track slider with a `button` element.
 * Added `k-card-with-callout` class to the `k-card` element.

## TreeList
 * Added `k-toolbar-md` class to the `k-grid-toolbar` element.
 * Added `k-treelist` class to the `k-grid` element.
