---
title: 11.0.0
description: Review the breaking changes in the 11.0.0 release of the KendoReact components.
components: ["general"]
page_title: Breaking Changes in the 11.0.0 Release
slug: breaking-changes-in-11-0-0
position: 25
---

# Breaking Changes in 11.0.0

## DateInputs

-   `DatePicker` type is deprecated and replaced with `DatePickerHandle`
-   `DateInput` type is deprecated and replaced with `DateInputHandle`

## Dialog

-   `Dialog` type will be deprecated and replaced with `DialogHandle`

## DropDownTree

-   Removed ‘k-list-container’ and ‘k-list k-list-lg’ elements to align with the referent rendering

## Grid

-   `selectedField` has been removed in favor of the `select` state property.
-   `editField` has been removed in favor of the `edit` state property.
-   `expandedField` has been removed in favor of the `detailExpand` state property.
-   `onExpandChange` has been removed in favor of:
    -   `onDetailExpandChange` for detail-row expansion
    -   `onGroupExpandChange` for group expansion.
-   `cellRender` has been removed in favor of the `cells` prop.
-   `rowRender` has been removed in favor of the new `rows` prop.
-   `filterCellRender` has been removed in favor of the `cells` prop.
-   `headerCellRender` has been removed in favor of the `cells` prop.
-   `column.cell` has been removed in favor of the `column.cells` prop.
-   `column.headerCell` has been removed in favor of the `column.cells` prop.
-   `column.filterCell` has been removed in favor of the `column.cells` prop.
-   `column.footerCell` has been removed in favor of the `column.cells` prop.
-   Replaced the Input component in the Column Menu Filter with Textbox.
-   `scrollable` prop now defaults to `virtual`.
-   Virtual scrolling no longer applies `height` by default.

## Pager

-   `responsive: true` behavior is different now. The elements are hidden based on the available space.

## Treelist

-   `TreeListToolbar` type will be deprecated and replaced with `TreeListToolbarHandle`.
